# Week of 10/01/23 - 10/07/23

### Meeting Start
2023/10/05/11:35

### Meeting End
2023/10/05/12:06

### Location/Medium
In Lecture room, end of lecture

### Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela)

### Minute Recorder
Logan

### Topics Discussed
- What our project will entail based on our meeting with the client this morning. (Discussed in clarified section)
- Talked about the upcoming assignments and assigned them to members within the group.
- Talked about project presentations. The presentations will need to be ran through by the client before presenting to be approved.

### Topics Clarified
- We discussed what our project will entail.
  - We will be working with json files and returning the same json file (first iteration will most likely entail with us flagging things that are suspicious or good/bad data, and returning a list of tags with true or false for if it is cleared to use or not, then it will eventually progress to categories of (good or bad, suspicious or not suspicious, and if it is spoofing or not).
  - When json files are being read by the program, coordinates and time stamps will be checked to determine if the drone is traveling fast or if it is potentially an anomaly.
  - Table 5 in specifications will be primarily our guide on things being measured.
-Project presentation will need to be completed before our meeting on Thursday morning. 

### Tasks Distributed
- Get Gitlab set up for project
- Do assignments
  - Michaela - Team Meeting, Prototype, Use Cases
  - Leah - Business Requirements, Requirements
  - Sam - Architecture (Will contact client about Techstack)
  - Logan - Domain Modeling
  - Ashley - First Iteration
  - Logan, Sam, Ashley (Meeting to complete their assignments) - Techstack
